222 initial setup (#1)
insightsengineering/covtracer-action: README.md

> # covtracer-action

Reviewer: I also found "CovtracerCheck action" name in the text and wanted to double check the final name of this GH action.

Author: changed

Github Action based on the Covtracer R package

## Description

> Github Action to implement check details from  R package checks with [Covtracer](https://github.com/Genentech/covtracer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub Action to implement check details from R package checks with [Covtracer](https://github.com/Genentech/covtracer).
```

> Supported R version > 4.x

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Supported R version > 4.x
```

## Action Type
Composite

## Quick Start

1. Create new action file `.github/workflows/covtracer-check.yaml` and put example content:

```yaml
---
name: CovtracerCheck

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main
  pull_request:

jobs:
  covtracer-check:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    name: CovtracerCheck
    container:
      image: rocker/verse:4.1.0
    steps:
      - name: Checkout repo
        uses: actions/checkout@v2

      - name: Run rcmdcheck
        run: |
          R CMD build .
          R CMD INSTALL --with-keep.source *.tar.gz
          R CMD check *.tar.gz

      - name: Run CovtracerCheck
        uses: insightsengineering/covtracer-action@v1
        env:
          GITHUB_PAT: ${{ secrets.MY_PUBLIC_GITHUB_TOKEN }}

```

2. Create PR to test CovtracerCheck action.

## Environment variables

> it is preferred to add secret like `MY_PUBLIC_GITHUB_TOKEN`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is preferred to add secret like `MY_PUBLIC_GITHUB_TOKEN`
```

> for repository or organization [Manage secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-encrypted-secrets-for-your-codespaces). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for repository or organization [(Managing encrypted secrets)](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/managing-your-codespaces/managing-encrypted-secrets-for-your-codespaces)
```

> Related to avoid Github download limit set to `unathenticated account`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to avoid GitHub download limit being set to `unauthenticated account`. 
```

* `GITHUB_PAT`:

  _Description_: Github user [Personal Access Token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token)
                 - token required to read public repositories

  _Required_: `false`

## Inputs

* `path`:

  _Description_: Path to package's root

  _Required_: `false`

  _Default_: `.`

* `allow-failure`:

>   _Description_: CovtracerCheck errors will not fail, but will give a warning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _Description_: CovtracerCheck errors will give a warning instead of causing a pipeline failure.
```

  _Required_: `false`

  _Default_: `false`

* `ignored-file-types`:

>   _Description_: CovtracerCheck can ignore none code file types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _Description_: CovtracerCheck can ignore non-code file types.
```

  _Required_: `false`

  _Default_: `data,class`

* `minimal-coverage`:

>   _Description_: Minimal coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _Description_: Minimal coverage threshold.
```

  _Required_: `false`

  _Default_: `80`

* `post-result-as-comment`:

>   _Description_: post the check result as a PR comment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _Description_: Post the check result as a PR comment.
```

  _Required_: `false`

  _Default_: `false`

* `no-cache`:

>   _Description_: disable github action R dependency caching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  _Description_: Disable GitHub Action R dependency caching.
```

> # CovtracerCheck action

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Covtracer Action
```

Author: changed

Github Action based on the Covtracer R package

## Description

> GitHub Action to implement check details from R package checks with [Covtracer](https://github.com/Genentech/covtracer).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
GitHub Action based on the [Covtracer](https://github.com/Genentech/covtracer) R package.
```

Supported R version > 4.x

## Action Type
Composite

## Quick Start

1. Create new action file `.github/workflows/covtracer-check.yaml` and put example content:

```yaml
---
name: CovtracerCheck

on:
  push:
    branches:
      - main

>   pull_request:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  pull_request:
    branches:
      - main
```

jobs:

>   covtracer-check:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  covtracer:
```

    runs-on: ubuntu-latest

>     name: CovtracerCheck

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    name: Covtracer
```

    container:

>       image: rocker/verse:4.1.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      image: rocker/verse:4.1.2
```
